11564 Update the development documentation to cover the latest PR process. (#11566)
twisted/twisted: docs/core/development/dev-process.rst

Development process
===================

This page described the process that should be followed for contributing to Twisted.

If you're going to be doing development on Twisted itself,
or if you want to take advantage of bleeding-edge features (or bug fixes) that are not yet available in a numbered release,
you'll probably want to check out a tree from the Twisted Git repository.

The `trunk` is the main branch and is where all current development takes place.

Checkout and initial dev virtual environment
--------------------------------------------

> Twisted used Git to track code changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Twisted uses Git to track code changes.
```

Git tutorials can be found elsewhere,
see in particular `Git and GitHub learning resources <https://help.github.com/articles/good-resources-for-learning-git-and-github/>`_ :

.. code-block:: console

    $ git clone https://github.com/twisted/twisted twisted

>     $ virtualenv venv

Reviewer: We did not document `pip install virtualenv` here, so let's stick with the built-in tools, thanks.

```suggestion
    $ python3 -m venv ./venv
```

    $ . venv/bin/activate
    $ pip install -e .[dev]
    $ pip install pre-commit

> The output of ``git blame`` `will be better <https://github.com/psf/black#migrating-your-code-style-without-ruining-git-blame>`_ if you configure it to use our ignore file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that all subsequent commands in this document assume that your Twisted virtual environment is active.  (However, we will not assume you've put it in `./venv`; feel free to use whatever Python environment manager you are comfortable with.)

The output of ``git blame`` `will be better <https://github.com/psf/black#migrating-your-code-style-without-ruining-git-blame>`_ if you configure it to use our ignore file:
```

.. code-block:: console

    $ cd twisted
    $ git config blame.ignoreRevsFile .git-blame-ignore-revs

Running tests
-------------

The tests are handled by the `trial` testing framework.
It knows about deferred and any other good stuff provided by Twisted.
To run the full unit-test suite, do:

.. code-block:: console

>     ./bin/trial twisted

Reviewer: In modern Python environments, we should be encouraging users to use the entrpoints-defined scripts rather than the things in `./bin`.

(For that matter... I think `./bin` has outlived its usefulness entirely? Perhaps time to get rid of it. But that's for a different PR.)

```suggestion
    trial twisted
```

To run a single test file (like ``twisted/test/test_defer.py`` ), do one of:

.. code-block:: console

>     ./bin/trial twisted.test.test_defer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    trial twisted.test.test_defer
```

    # or

>     ./bin/trial twisted/test/test_defer.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    trial twisted/test/test_defer.py
```

To run any tests that are related to a code file, like ``twisted/protocols/imap4.py`` , do:

.. code-block:: console

>     ./bin/trial --testmodule twisted/mail/imap4.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    trial --testmodule twisted/mail/imap4.py
```

This depends upon the ``.py`` file having an appropriate "test-case-name" tag that indicates which test cases provide coverage.
See the :doc:`Test Standards <policy/test-standard>` document for
details about using "test-case-name".
In this example, the ``twisted.mail.test.test_imap`` test will be run.

> Many tests create temporary files in /tmp or ./_trial_temp,
> but everything in /tmp should be deleted when the test finishes.
> Sometimes these cleanup calls are commented out by mistake, so if you see a stray ``/tmp/@12345.1`` directory, it is probably from ``test_dirdbm`` or ``test_popsicle`` .
> Look for an ``rmtree`` that has been commented out and complain to the last developer who touched that file.
> 

Reviewer: Files in `/tmp` are irrelevant and should be cleaned up by the operating system, there's definitely no need to encode specific test files here.  `popsicle` does not even exist any more, nor does its tests.

```suggestion
Some tests create temporary files in `./_trial_temp`, which you can inspect for debugging purposes, but this directory will be deleted on each subsequent test run, so if you're debugging some filesystem code you may want to move it aside first.
```

Building docs
-------------

> Twisted documentation is generated by `Sphinx <https://sphinx-doc.org/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Twisted's narrative documentation — i.e. the documentation sourced from `.rst` files in `./docs/` — is generated by `Sphinx <https://sphinx-doc.org/>`_.
```

> The automatically-generated API docs is generated by `pydoctor <https://pydoctor.readthedocs.io/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Its API reference documentation — i.e. the documentation sourced from docstrings in `.py` files — is generated by `pydoctor <https://pydoctor.readthedocs.io/>`_.
```

To build the HTML form of the docs into the ``doc/`` directory, do the following.
This will trigger a full build including the API docs:

.. code-block:: console

    tox -e narrativedocs
    firefox docs/_build/index.html

Committing and pre-commit hooks
--------------------------------

> As a suggestion, when working on a branch prefix the name of that branch with the associated ticket number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When submitting a PR, create a GitHub issue first, and prefix the name of the for the PR branch with the associated GitHub issue number, so that we can easily cross-reference them.
```

> For example, use `1234-some-brach-name` as the name of the branch working to fix ticket with number `1234`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, use `1234-some-brach-name` as the name of the branch working to fix issue `1234`.
```

> Before you commit any change make sure they pass basic code sanity checks.

Reviewer: "Sanity check" is a little ableist so let's be more precise.

```suggestion
To speed up acceptance of your PR, you may want to make sure it passes our pre-commit code style checks locally.
```

> We use `pre-commit <https://pre-commit.com/>`_ to automate these check and make sure you don't forget to run the checks before a commit::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you skip this step, you may find some reformatting commits generated by the service we use, `pre-commit <https://pre-commit.com/>`_ . We don't mind, so feel free to let the computer do the job instead, but it may extend the amount of time you're waiting for automated tests to run.

To set up `git` to run these checks automatically every time you commit code::
```
